♪ T-E-E-N ♪
♪ T-I-T-A-N-S ♪
♪ Teen Titans, let's go ♪
♪ Teen Titans, go ♪
All right!
Titans!
Your attention, please.
Move it.
Hey, listen to me,
none of you have done
any chores for weeks.
The tower is disgusting.
Didn't notice.
You're getting crumbs
all over the floor right now.
- If we all pitch in to clean up...
- Come on!
We can't sees, fool.
Move, get out of the way.
We are trying to watch
the awards program.
An awards program?
Those are terrible.
It's just hours of awkward
banter and boring retrospectives
and the worst part is, the awards
themselves are meaningless.
Meaningless?
Are you crazy, dude?
Awards satisfy
our irrational need
to be validated
by being given a statue
based on completely
arbitrary metrics.
Quiet! They're about
to give the award
to the person who is
"Best in a Specific Category."
Ooh! I hope
the person we wanna win
wins the award for being best
in that specific category.
Yo, if the person we wants
to win doesn't win,
I'mma lose my mind!
I am getting the mad.
Just thinking about
how unfair it is
that the person I want to win
in the "Specific Category"
could do the losing to the someone
I believe to be less qualified.
You're already getting worked up
- over this thing happening.
- Shush, shush, shush.
Shush the mouth!
Shush the mouth hole!
They're about
to indicate the winner.
- They gave that person?
- Seriously?
He's not the best in that category.
Yo, he just ain't.
This is a bunch of poop.
Wow, that is some
strong language, mama.
But I agree, this is some poop.
Straight up, stinking poo.
How do you even know that?
It's just your opinion.
Don't you see that awards
are a pointless charade?
Yous just mad 'cause you
never got no awards. Never!
Even if, I got an award,
I wouldn't care
because awards are meaningless.
Well you sound super bitter.
Who even decides the winners?
The Academy!
And who is this, "Academy"?
You know.
The Acad...
Will you just do your chores, please?
Not until the show of awards
has come to an end.
There's only four more hours
and we can't miss
a single moment.
Nows quiet, I wants
to hear this gentleman
thanks a bunch
of people I don't know.
Hmm.
Dude, if you gotta
go pee, just go.
I don't have to pee.
Didn't you hear?
It's happening!
What's you talkin' about, bro?
The first annual
Teen Titan Awards!
Never heard of
a Teen Titan Awards.
They're awards that go
to the Titan
who is the best
in a specific category.
Whats you get if you win?
Oh, just a little golden statue.
Wow, that is very classy.
Ooh, I really, really want one.
Well, in order to get one,
you'll need
to prove that you are
the best in these
specific categories.
"Dishwasher," "Trash Remover,"
"Laundry Doer".
and "Person Who Kept
their Crumbs off the Floor."
I will do anything for an award!
- Who's judging this?
- The Academy.
Ah, of course.
You'd better get to work.
The Teen Titans Awards
are next week.
And you'll need
to convince the Academy
that you are the best in a
"Specific Category."
Great Scott, it's filthy.
1.21 gigawatts, 88 minutes.
Okay, dishes, I am sending you
to the future!
Time to go home, fool.
My papa always said,
"Life was like a floor of crumbs.
"You never know
what you're gonna get."
You got bread crumbs,
cracker crumbs,
cookie crumbs, pizza crumbs,
potato chip crumbs
cupcake crumbs,
cheesy crumbs, mystery crumbs.
That's uh...
That's 'bout all the crumbs.
Great work, Titans.
I think your irrational need
to be validated
by being given a statue based on
completely arbitrary metrics
will be fulfilled.
Now, let's get ready.
It's showtime!
Live, from the epicenter of entertainment,
a night to honor the most
talented heroes on earth.
It's the Teen Titan Awards!
Ladies and Gentlemen,
your host, Birdarang!
What's up, everybody?
Welcome to the first annual
Teen Titan Awards.
So many
A-list Titans here tonight.
And Robin came too.
Now, throw your hands in the
air for our first presenters
Sticky Joe and the Tooth Fairy.
We are here to present
the award for "Best Dishwasher".
Da-da-ra-da-da.
Hey!
So, Sticky Joe, they say
dish washing happens
- mostly in the kitchen.
- Hey!
But tonight's nominees
have shown us
that it really happens in here.
- Da-da-ra-da-da.
- Hey!
And the title goes to,
Da-da-ra-da-da.
- Please, please, please.
- Hope it's me, hope it's me.
Hey!
Robin.
- Hey!
- Hey, get off me, man.
Oh, thank you so much for this.
Ha, I've got
so many people to thank.
Uh, Batman.
I wouldn't be here without you.
Superman...
Uh, okay,
also, uh, thank you to Alfred,
at Wayne Manor and uh,
everyone who gave
a circus boy the chance
of a lifetime. Thank you.
- So happy for you.
- Yeah, congratulations.
Who's a pretty, sparkly statue?
She's an octopus,
he's an ice unicycle.
Give it up for our
next presenters,
The Wonder Twins.
Uh, and the award for "Best
Trash Remover" goes to...
- Come on, I want this so bad.
- Please, please.
Robin.
This is poop.
Agreed. The poop.
Yeah! It's time
we did something
about this injustices.
Wow, uh, I never expected this.
Uh, yes, lightning
does strike twice.
Ow!
Gimme those. Let's see who
the winners are tonight.
Robin, Robin.
Robin, Robin, Robin!
They all say Robin.
You rigged the game, yo.
I assure you, The Academy
made those decisions
based on very specific
and fair judging criteria.
We know there's no Academy.
You just made
this whole thing up
to get us to do chores.
Of course there's an Academy.
They's real?
So, Robin really did
win all the awards?
Yes, we judged him
to be the best.
Though, honestly, the decision
was a bit arbitrary.
We recognized his name
and assumed he was superior.
Also, Bruce Wayne
sponsors the show
but that did not influence us.
You sure about that?
Hmm, sounds like a really big
conflict of interest.
You dare question
the integrity of the Academy?
You shall be punished
for such impudence.
Your award has been revoked.
Wait. No, please,
not my sweet baby.
Not my precious.
You have been snubbed.
Snubbed? No!
We can still beat 'em, Robin.
By summoning the power
of one of the most
awarded movies in history.
Titans.
Fly, you fools!
Hold up, yo. You all need
to chill for a hot minute
so we can do the emotional
"In Memorium" montage,
where we say, "Peace out"
to those we've lost.
You will be missed.
Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya!
You shall not pass.
It's over, Academy. We've won.
Oh, snap.
That was ridonculous.
For the final award of the night,
the winner of this battle is...
Please be us,
please be us, please be us.
The Academy.
Oh, come on!
Oh, the Teen Titans will never
ever get an award.
We know.